Support Wave32 in CK_TILE - Part 1 (#2594)
ROCm/composable_kernel: CHANGELOG.md

* Number of instances in instance factory for grouped convolution forward NGCHW/GKYXC/NGKHW has been reduced.
* Number of instances in instance factory for grouped convolution backward weight NGCHW/GKYXC/NGKHW has been reduced.
* Number of instances in instance factory for grouped convolution backward data NGCHW/GKYXC/NGKHW has been reduced.

> * Remove BlockSize in make_kernel and CShuffleEpilogueProblem to support Wave32 in CK_TILE (#2594)

Reviewer: This should be moved to the Removed section. 

```suggestion
* Removed `BlockSize` in `make_kernel` and `CShuffleEpilogueProblem` to support Wave32 in CK_TILE 
```

Author: there isn't special section for "Removed", I have updated the description according to your suggestions.
